Add arbitrary hosts by docker label (#2)
costela/docker-etchosts: README.md

Each container will thereforr have up to 4 entries per alias: CONTAINER_ALIAS, CONTAINER_ALIAS.PROJECT, CONTAINER_ALIAS.NETWORK_NAME, CONTAINER_ALIAS.PROJECT.NETWORK_NAME

> Arbitrary hosts entries can be added via a custom label (`com.costela.docker-etchosts.add_hosts`) by specifying a single or array of host names.

Reviewer: nitpicking, but I think we could use `extra_hosts` here to make it closer to what docker-compose already uses? 
```suggestion
Arbitrary hosts entries can be added via a custom label (`net.costela.docker-etchosts.extra_hosts`) by specifying a single or array of host names.
```

This means the following `docker-compose.yml` setup for project `someproject`:
```yaml
services:
  someservice:
    ...
    labels:

>         - 'com.costela.docker-etchosts.add_hosts=["a.example.com", "b.example.com"]'

Reviewer: (see above)
```suggestion
        - 'net.costela.docker-etchosts.extra_hosts=["a.example.com", "b.example.com"]'
```
